This video is for Windows users only.  If you're using Mac, skip
ahead to the next video.
Open up a web browser and visit VirtualBox.org.
Next, find the link that takes you to the download page.
From here, select the file for your platform, which is Windows.  So we'll
click on the link next to Windows hosts.
Once the download is complete
is you can click the file to begin the installation process. The installation is
fairly easy.
We're simply going to accept all the defaults and answer yes to all the
questions. So here, I'll click next.
If so, just click on install or yes.
You might be prompted a few times during the install.
At the end of the installation,
clicking on Finish will start virtualbox.
To start virtualbox
in the future, you can click in the search
bar and type "VirtualBox"
or you can click on the
windows button, and navigate your way to the VirtualBox Application.
"Oracle VM VirtualBox".
there
Finally you'll see the application
itself Oracle VM VirtualBox and that's
how you would start in the future.
Next, let's install a program called
7-zip to do that will visit seven dash
zip . o RG. You should see a download link right on the home page.
Some reason you don't you can always
click on downloads to go to the full
download page. Here I'm just going to
click the download link next to the
64-bit file will click that and make
sure that that downloads.
Next we'll click on it to start the
installation will click on yes here.
Again we're going to accept the defaults
just like we did with virtualbox. Now the
installation is complete and we can
click close. In an upcoming video you'll
be asked to download and extract the contents of a compressed archive file.
You'll do that with 7-zip.  Here's an
example.  I have a file I downloaded that ends in 7z. I've
navigated to that file using the file explorer. It's in my downloads directory
here now i will right click on the file
go to the 7-zip sub menu and then click
"Extract Here."  You'll see that a new folder appears and it has the
uncompressed version of the file in it. So i'm going to double-click in there
and now you can see that it has a file
there. Now you're ready to install Linux
in a virtual machine using virtualbox.